this is a cop around this we're gonna
bring up two different cards in one
combined time and you only get to ask
one question one driver faster the
curious they're not tied well appreciate
you coming out tell me bunch of our
times that ninety one needs to be
c-clips
total 200,000 miles on the cell phone
man
equatable for now view and it's funny on
e85 Thank You time what's right
Jen Jen coming but confidence 92 kneel
down together to 436 above beautiful
okay Jason PI or Jim hi
I line the epic rock seems 2003
Scott fire J alright I'll fake the turbo
feet sides living quality in a 35 bar
and comparing Jen chieh but I'll put it
past them alright gentlemen shake hands
have a good fans here we go
Tommo around $200 miss to being Jason
Jason I'm going to hand you this for
good luck says we got a little
California connection oh you might be
hand it over but hopefully we'll get you
in the game here combo round one
combined time by racing now things it's
one pass off rebuilding is locked in
let's take a look at those times can't
hang with the 28 flat Scott was it 2880
and Jason what's so safe a 25 25
you
they'll be on the board
Jason just join the games it's not $200
is sitting on tuna dogs and King Harry
is sitting on three two docks let's meet
of extra